=head1 NAME

Openbox - standards compliant, fast, light-weight, extensible window manager.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

gdm-control <option>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

gdm-control lets you control gdm from within an X session.
It enables you to change GDM's behaviour for when you end the current sesson.
For instance, you can tell GDM to reboot, and then immediately log out
of the current session, and the computer will be rebooted.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 5

=item B<< --help >>

Display some help and exit.

=item B<< --none >>

Do nothing special when the current session ends.

=item B<< --shutdown >>

Shutdown the computer when the current session ends.

=item B<< --reboot >>

eboot the computer when the current session ends.

=item B<< --suspend >>

Suspend the computer when the current session ends.

=item B<< --switch-user >>

Log in as a new user (this works immediately).

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Openbox was written by Mikael Magnusson <mangosoft@comhem.se> and Dana Jansens
<danakj@orodu.net>, aided by several contributors; for a full list read the
file AUTHORS.

This manual page was written by Nico Golde <nion@debian.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
later version.

On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

=cut
