=head1 NAME

Openbox - standards compliant, fast, light-weight, extensible window manager.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

openbox [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Openbox works with your applications, and makes your desktop easier to manage.
This is because the approach to its development was the opposite of what seems
to be the general case for window managers. Openbox was written first to comply
with standards and to work properly. Only when that was in place did the team
turn to the visual interface.

Openbox is fully functional as a stand-alone working environment, or can be
used as a drop-in replacement for the default window manager in the GNOME or
KDE desktop environments. 

Openbox 3 is a completely new breed of window manager. It is not based upon any
existing code base, although the visual appearance has been based upon that of
Blackbox. Openbox 2 was based on the Blackbox 0.65.0 codebase.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 5

=item B<< --sm-disable >>

Disable connection to session manager.

=item B<< --sm-client-id <ID> >>

Specify session management ID.

=item B<< --sm-save-file <FILE> >>

Specify file to load a saved session from.

=item B<< --replace >>

Replace the currently running window manager.

=item B<< --help >>

Display some help and exit.

=item B<< --version >>

Display the version and exit.

=item B<< --sync >>

Run in synchronous mode (this is slow and meant for debugging X routines).

=item B<< --debug >>

Display debugging output.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Openbox was written by Mikael Magnusson <mangosoft@comhem.se> and Ben Jansens
<ben@openbox.org>, aided by several contributors; for a full list read the
file AUTHORS.

This manual page was written by Tore Anderson <tore@debian.org>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
later version.

On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

=cut
